but
locked up
true
for sale
but
true favorite
hello dear friends today we are with
May we talk to you
fourth
units
I have not signed it
now we'll talk england main jeans he
Zsolt Peterson dry draw MSK aka dota
And so let's start first, but it all started with
the remains so
so that specific reference sq
once on the blue hunting tribes
men with powerful all they cleaned
abilities put on developed times reported
naka they decided that unformed
view you can use yourself in
good and steel
manipulate its evolution but in some way
moment it turned out that the processes of bird courts
and nothing from this venture will come to all in the end
it is necessary raised korya it was the starting
point for bloodshed
civil war broke out
which tells us the map
for starcraft called and he
Australia further on this
useless card at the same time
the opposing team was not that is
the hero had to fight
computer we found a certain ul he decided
shift the concept of growing genital
lonely hero
innovators 3
then still rajek halsey pagodas stood 2003 h
this dude created dollars later
the beauty product came out buffalo won our
hero instead of adapting
its under the thought of the game versions
just superb rings in place
an accident
we have the same and in a couple of years most likely ourselves
but the quality of the saved traps is actually what
same happened for these passwords someone asks
first the fans then the score
not so numerous
heavily scattered and even unsuspecting
the existence of each other twisted card
as they could and in every possible way edited
changed on the Pechora outside the heroes in general yet
a cloud of all but to the point
no one could get and now it would seem
time to just forget about the incomprehensible card in
which no one really plays but here
steve money appears on stage
Minsk
this guy clearly saw that
modifications for the card are vast and
Apparently the selection process for him was
so painful that we
everything is simple to collect all the characters in general
which were added dozens
versions up 5 isa their essence in one single
the script seemed the whole thing to the point that
Russia
a miracle happened people approved approval then
Something pleasant to them motivating end
almost fig began to work on the card
constantly complements assets
and it was no doubt it was hard 2004
year time when people were still watching
TV Internet was not in every
house asset was often a modem
I didn't have time to hear the master
this is no rand for free
spread music online no one and
could not think
Madonna then still was nothing
Well, what do we say
pointing out the article is also not yet therefore miserable
rendered had its about the site here it is
discussed a modest ditch Chet Batumi
tap then came to him another style no
not jobs
steve masked he is pendragon and in october
2004 he created the site in dota allstars
point and there further came
all the brokers and the golden one began
around this time appears
all known term nickname which was
the only entertainment for those
who dozens of times a day
survived the map for warcraft and staring at
Myskin monitor pushes the slider
downloads
in the early stages of oaz ru engage in all sorts
minor aspects while
directly script
optimized all the same will be in
Further from the versions so 6 0 and Estonians are dumb
with the processing of ideas and suggestions
fan picketers add new
heroes and items
and everything seems to be working and
develops but in 2008 the ice toad states
what's more with the spot which pentagon
will not work and generally enough
regulatory toads call boycott
creates a new resource half a year point
someone then their continues to join Lena
everybody's beloved daughter
sell deadline develop from already alone
relying on a proven system
fan response and then unexpectedly in
October this year announcing the soligo
wallow
a project that steve kin himself is working on
a year later that is October 2009 in Ufa
dumb then from the horns to participate in the project dota 2
and in the same October Czech
lets out a heart game adds an answer
Gims brought up by steve type that is a game
genre toto but call your genre
hryvnia the name of another game is like that
wrong therefore ed and suggested
alternative mob genre name
multiplayer online batal 1
and sales started in October
windows 7 is a very good month but
and go again in the end we have two
developers of one game for different
side barricades imposition created
the very shape of the limbs
the horns of the set of this form set
details of flowers is all history
adriatic but if actually all of a sudden
and other things well, just could not not
will result in a full-fledged war
conservative fan
innovators I just do not victor
Now it happens either to beaches with when
barn caressing half naked
got stronger on plump acquired new
paint woods from desert content
products 5 and now subscribers she
firmly seated on the market shelf
have nowhere to go until 2 2 yet
not yet released but has already shown all his
the sexiest sights
but the main advantage is that it looks like
exactly how dota is the reincarnation of that
most three megabytes map for warcraft 3
plus valve claiming to justify your
waiting at the same time
he looks you straight in the eyes they are not about viva
stir but now the run-up to October
messi truly and mystical work
for all the short term to the largest
tournament memory of legends with a prize fund of 5
million dollars but slowly suitable
end of 2012 which was
Announced still failed release
dota 2 we decided to figure out what it is
in general for games and which one is better